# MonoBlockFrame

I develop software with one piece of advice in mind "Test Early and Test Often". One thing I have experienced in any software development I know how crucial every character is, and if one is out of place, then it throws a wrench into the entire project. I hit an impasse in this assignment and realized that if I am ever in the field, on my own without resources, that I will have only myself to rely on to complete objectives. This course taught me how to use the syntax definitions from the help files from the OpenGL API and Visual Studios and apply them to my project. In this specific project, I started with one object and tested some different ways to add in more objects. There are many ways to render 3d object in OpenGL, and to look at the task at hand in its entirety I think is intimidating. So, I used that motto and started small, I began trying to add in the plane into the environment that had an existing light, and textured shape. Once I figured out how to get the plane into the environment, I then made a breakthrough for additional shapes. 

My final project did not meet my expectations, and unfortunately, I did not make the due date on my project. I do understand that life is not always fair and that regardless of our own personal life decisions, we are subject to repercussion of our decisions, even when we don’t really have an option.  Am I disappointed in myself? Absolutely not! I worked non-stop to achieve what I had done up to the final point of my assignment, and though it is not complete I feel like I have figured out how to learn about the unknown about programming. I think this course has provided me a learning experience like none other, and today I feel like I am a better programmer having gone through it. I will finish my project purely out of the principal of achieving my goal and completing all the task. I think experiences like this teach me how to be a better, more resourceful programmer.
